if you're like with some unbelievably
cheap Ultimate Team Coins I leave a link
to foot coin Emporium in the description
and a view yes you use discount all gone
you're gonna 5% off boom okay today we
have got one of those juicy video
what are those videos then everybody
loves you have to love it cuz today
we're making the most overpowered team
on FIFA 15 we ain't talking no informed
no TV the year no legend
no matter the matches you got a picture
we're just talking straight up swag now
you want a chance to win yourself 50,000
Ultimate Team Coins a jazz meeting in
the comments right now it won't pick
your team gets one of the fucker your
win let's get into this shit is that I
thought would we have got super goo he's
good a fucking beast he's also very
good-looking
hah gay anyway six before yeah they keep
on diving with eight seven reflex what
did you know it's gonna make him good
but the main reason is it for the
link-up would wonders possibly the best
defense is to ever grace
Louise and of course we have Thiago
Silva davon Louise being emo scrub yes
being things be forever and Thiago Silva
just being straight-up good right back
then we have the world's most overrated
right back but on FIFA he seems to
actually be good that back then we have
our first Silva of the team he's one of
the blackest players on this game eighty
nine eight seventy five siblings are
their mother fucking silver card now the
big deal gets pretty real I need to
start us off with we've got Felipe Melo
he's nothing special a six book strong
as a motherfucker and you know he's
gonna sit there for chemistry then we've
got Freddy growling however you
pronounce that stinky second a here's
what a Bhima grounded players on this
game and you know perfect you want
someone like that in your midfield he go
a little smile gets me every single to
it was that smuggle that maybe put him
in this team I ain't even joking first
our skills are for salary for you know
he gon be still in scrubby opt would
they be without Muriel one of the best
Silver's on this game if not the best
silver look at the stage at those stats
to finally complete the change you know
what I ain't even get to explain anymore
I'm fucking done I don't look at this
day of my attack you know I've already
won I don't even even carry over this
video I'm done hit Barbeau and of course
any game possibly v-model
OB attack to ever grace FIFA face my
friends is what it'd be crazy to you
you're ever going to see and I'm gonna
prove it by going into a game and
absolutely by me my opponent Oh
in seven minutes or a surprise what
surprise what surprise is a minigame is
a minigame internal it to little under
20 minutes this is just awkward this is
just easy
I smell a rage when I smell a rage when
you smell a red grip it's coming trust
me it's coming Emenike to Merial look at
this before look at this football Oh
Lord Jesus give this guy some hope
somebody jump this guy a lifeline he's
out there and he's drowned him this is
like mr. pros wave after wave
it's wave after wave seriously and there
we go here we go three-nil you cannot
see me
this team honestly not this team it's
ridiculous it's breathe fucking
ridiculous there's the ball there he is
back post and Aniki oh sweet damn every
bullet goes in guaranteed header I win
Oh oh my god
it's gone it's gone I've never seen
someone hanging on for dear life on that
possibly the most one-sided everything I
even gave him a goal being cocky I gave
him a goal he just got the absolute
ain't no red they just fed on target
literally it was like a game of pass and
should be only goal these goals with me
being coffee and let him get back into
the game there you go raped even more
whatever the most overpowered sweaty win
wing teams you're ever gonna see so you
get out there now I didn't point out one
began the lineup in fertilizer who whoa
that fuck you go in for the line at me
is one of the best one like at once you
got it well I'm happy laughs I'm happy
with that one come on come on come on
please please we get